The following are outlines for CKB Read processing algorithm:

Read configuration file with all files to be compared and loaded
Open each file in configuration file
Initial Read of a single record from each file listed in the configuration collection
Initialize comparison attributes in the extended configuration collection with keys of read records
(if a file does not include an effective date field, per the configuration file, initialize those fields to high values?)
Initialize output collection(OC) (based upon passed parameter to program of amount of memory to take)

While each file <> EOF
    Sort configuration collection by key to find lowest common key
    Save the selected key for future comparisons
    Loop until saved key not found in configuration file
        Search configuration collection for saved key with lowest effective date
        If Output Collection(OC) size exceeded
            Abort run, error message OR allocate more memory for OC
        End if
        Load record for that key to output collection(OC)
        Read that file next record and load to configuration collection
    End Loop

    Link to View LogicTable (in the short run, do a println of the dumpped buffer)
    If file_real_time_flg for this group of files <> Real Time
        Clear Collection of Prior Data
    Else
        Release unused collection memory
        Allocate new collections  for a next set of data....
Loop



Questions to consider:
1) Prefixes need to specify partition data is from?  Is there another approach to this? Particularly as we
are holding each record type in its own collection.
1a) I think we want all records of a particular type in one collection, to allow set functions, including
lookups (date effective ones) to them.
2) Do we put the partition on the front of the record?  The Partition ID is important for views that use them
to maintain the output files.  And we don't want to store the data, when the file tells us
2a) Effectively we are talking about file charateristics, not data.  Perhaps our collection should have something
more like that.

3) The MergeParms file allows identifying multiple partitions of a single type by being on the same row of data,
do we want to make that more readable?
3a) I think the answer here is yes; the file today is pretty unreadable.  Making it more understandable is a good idea

4) Do we want to move towards a Logic Table for MergeParm processing?
5) Why would that be beneficial?  Really, the more important point is to allow view output buffers to be CKB inputs
6) We do want to have Control Break Logic Tables though; if so, then why have two approaches to CKB?
7) Answer is that CKB is unique because it is control break on multiple files, not just one
It's a sync point in processing across multiple files/buffers

8) There are multiple exit points in CKB; we do want ultimate to execute threads of views in those points